Updated DoorBird documentation for UI specifics (#12763)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/doorbird.markdown

## Configuration

> To add `DoorBird` to your installation, go to **Configuration** >> **Integrations** in the UI, click the button with `+` sign and from the list of integrations select **DoorBird**. After filling out UI prompts, click the gear icon to edit device settings. Enter device event names here to associate with schedule in DoorBird app. See [Schedules](#schedules)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add `DoorBird` to your installation, go to **Configuration** >> **Integrations** in the UI, click the button with `+` sign and from the list of integrations select **DoorBird**. After filling out UI prompts, click the gear icon to edit device settings. Enter device event names here to associate with a schedule in DoorBird app. See [Schedules](#schedules)
```

localhost:8123`. Replace `{DEVICE_TOKEN}` with the token specified in your configuration for the device you would like to clear.
<br><br>
Please note that clearing device events will require configuration steps above to be taken again. It could also affect other third-party applications you may use with your DoorBird device. It will not break the official mobile app in any way, so mobile push notifications will still work.
<br><br>

> If DoorBird was setup using UI prompts, token can be discovered through DoorBird App by clicking settings (cog icon) -> Administration-> LOGIN (using your App Administration details). Under the "FAVORITES" section, choose "HTTP(S) Calls". This displays all events and the associated HTTP URL. In that URL field, you will be able to see the token that was auto generated by HA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If DoorBird was setup using UI prompts, a token can be discovered through DoorBird App by clicking settings (cog icon) -> Administration-> LOGIN (using your App Administration details). Under the "FAVORITES" section, choose "HTTP(S) Calls". This displays all events and the associated HTTP URL. In that URL field, you will be able to see the token that was auto-generated by Home Assistant.
```
